feature: introduce direction and autoHideColorPicker props (#34)
odedglas/react-linear-gradient-picker: README.md

### Accepted props

| Name              | Type | Default Value | Required? | Description
|-------------------|-|---------------|-|-
| `palette`         | `PaletteColor[]` | `undefined`   | Yes | The gradient pickers color palette, Each palette color struct is described below
| `onPaletteChange` | `Function` | `undefined`   | Yes | The function to trigger upon palette change (Can be either from stop drag or color select).
| `paletteHeight`   | `Number` | `32`          | No | The stops palette display area height 
| `width`           | `Number` | `400`         | No | Determines the width of the gradient picker
| `stopRemovalDrop` | `Number` | `50`          | No | Sets the Y stop drop removal offset, If the user will drag the color stop further than specified, Color will be removed
| `maxStops`        | `Number` | `5`           | No | The max gradient picker palette length can have
| `minStops`        | `Number` | `2`           | No | The min gradient picker palette length can have

> | `popoverColorPicker` | `Boolean` | `false`       | No | Determines if color picker is popover or always present.

Reviewer: Lets make it a string so It would be more intuative for its usage
```suggestion
| `colorPickerMode` | `String` | `static` | 'popover'       | No | Determines the mode of the color picker picker component, by default `static` will always present otherwise will act as popover which will appear upon interaction.
```
